Preparing for new plans (#1051)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/email-forwarding.markdown

---

> Email forwarding is enabled and billed on a per-domain basis. The cost is $2 per-domain per-month.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Email forwarding is enabled and billed monthly on a per-domain basis.
```
